[1 minute to go] Okay. Opening in a minute.
Okay. Sorry, it's hot.
It's hot.
Ouch!
- Yes. - Yeah, I burnt myself for sure.
You were touching this?
- Yeah, keep going. - Oh my God, my skin...
No, keep going, keep going.
That's really bad.
It splashed on me actually.
- When I put the tofu. - Okay, okay. Gotcha.
- Are you okay? - You want to check on her?
- What do you need? - I just burnt myself really badly.
- It's okay. - Okay.
Wait, wait, wait.
Okay, alright.
It's okay.
- It's painful? - It's okay. I have a high pain tolerance.
I just got shocked.
Okay.
Oh my gosh.
- Burning? - No, I'm good.
Put this on for now.
It's menthol.
Oh, wow.
Okay.
Let's put it.
- Does that help? - It's...
- Gaviscon? - Yes.
- Let's give it a try. - That works for burns, too?
- No, it's actually for the stomach. - Exactly...
- But you can use it for burns? - Because it has menthol.
Thank you.
Okay.
That's fine.
[Today's Menu]
I'm getting nervous.
Oh my God.
This is it!
Ready?
Should I open up the sign?
- Yes. - Look at this.
- Go, go! - Ready?
Okay.
It's so cold...
[Closed]
[Open]
We're open!
- Okay. - Let's go!
Restaurant's officially open!
Right, okay!
[Today's Menu: Sinigang, Palabok, Inasal]
[Open]
[05:30 PM]
Should we be waiting for them or should we just stay chill and confident?
Yes, so we have here...
Hello!
"Over here, please come in.
It's delicious."
Oh, I'm nervous.
- Sorry, Chef. - No worries!
- I treated it. I'll wear gloves now. - Are you okay?
Yeah.
It's better.
Sinigang, we have enough.
Bok choy, we have enough.
We have enough vegetables.
We have enough palabok.
- We have enough rice noodles. - Tomatoes, I have to chop.
- Oh wait, there's more here. - So, there's that...
So, where do I put this...
[05:40 PM]
You know what? I still can't believe we're here.
- I know. - It still feels surreal.
- Surreal. Right? - Yeah.
We're actually running a restaurant in Korea.
I think people are going to come in at six.
[05:59 PM]
[06:00 PM]
Let me check how they're doing in the kitchen.
- How are you? - I'm okay.
Are you okay?
I'm good!
Are there customers yet?
None so far.
She's a trooper.
I'm glad you're okay.
I gave birth. This is nothing.
You already know, this is light work for you.
It's okay, I'll come back.
Once they're here.
No one's here yet.
Okay, there's a Fudgee Barr.
Where is my Fudgee Barr?
Wait, I am innocent.
[06:10 PM]
[06:20 PM]
[06:30 PM]
Can we try to guess?
- A girl or a boy? - "Follow me."
Girl and boy.
- Two girls. - Okay, girl and boy, two girls.
Two girls.
How do you say this?
Follow...
Follow me, please.
It sounds pretty similar, like "Tara!"
[06:50 PM]
Hello.
Please have a seat. Follow...
Hi!
[The First Customer]
Hello!
Hello! Welcome!
Please come in!
Please follow me.
- Please have a seat. - Thank you.
- It's hot. - What?
It's hot.
- I'll just get the water. - The water.
Hello!
Here's your menu.
- Here's your menu. - Thank you.
Hi! Here's your water.
- There's more at the back! - Thank you.
If you are ready to order, just call me.
We're just there.
- Okay, thank you! - Okay.
We need to speak good English.
Okay.
We have two customers.
Filipino or Korean?
Korean.
Korean? Alright!
Good luck!
Oh, I see them.
Alright. Chef, we're on!
Okay.
Jodi, I was right.
You're the winner.
Rice noodles?
Thin rice noodles topped with dried shrimp.
Since these three are under "main dishes," they must be the specialties?
- Sinigang? These two and Inasal. - I've never seen these before.
They're still flipping through the pages.
I think they're looking for more options.
Um, excuse me?
- Would you like to order now? - Is she speaking Japanese? No, I can't.
Should I speak in English?
This...
You want sinigang?
- Sinigang. - Sinigang. Yes.
- How many? Just one? - Just one.
- Okay. - And inasal?
Inasal.
- Good choice. - And the...
- Garlic rice? - Garlic rice, yeah.
Yes.
- And what else do you want? Coke? - And Zero Coke and zero soda.
Okay. Two?
- One Zero Coke and one zero soda. - Okay.
Okay, thank you.
Please wait a moment.
The appetizer and the calamansi will be served together, right?
- What? - The appetizer and the calamansi.
- Yes. - Okay.
Hello, kitchen!
Okay.
Alright.
Oh my God, our first order.
- Hey, Chef. - Hold on.
Alright. Tell me.
Call it, call it.
Say, "New order!"
- New order. One sinigang. - Just call it.
Yeah! Yes!
- One inasal. - Yes!
- One garlic rice. - Yes! Yes!
Sinigang, palabok, inasal, garlic rice.
Enjoy your meal.
Hello! This is our welcome drink.
It's called calamansi juice.
Enjoy your meal!
Thank you.
The only calamansi I know is...
- the one you mix with soju. - Right.
That's the one.
The grilled chicken earlier also said something about "calamansi marinade."
Wow, this is really good!
This is actually so good.
Wow, you're downing it.
I'm savoring it. It's so delicious.
Oh my gosh, oh my gosh.
Adobo sauce.
Yeah.
- Where is the spring onion? - There's no spring onions.
- Oh, there's none? - Yeah.
I can't find it.
We forgot our vegetables.
Garlic for the...
- This one? No more? - Let's put garlic.
Yes, garlic chips please.
- Okay, this is ready. - Ready?
Thank you.
Wait, it'll be prettier if the green one is on the opposite side.
Alright. Okay.
Hi!
Here are your side dishes.
Banchan? Oh, side dish.
- Yes. - Side dish.
Deep-fried chicken skin, anchovies.
[Appetizers] Papaya pickle and...
Tofu with sauce.
Are these Filipino side dishes?
Well, it's...
You can actually eat it like with rice, but we made it into...
- Got it. - Side dish.
- Like how Koreans would have it. - Side dishes.
Yeah, banchan, like side dishes.
Oh, it's warm.
It's delicious.
But I really like this fried chicken skin.
Hi.
Do you want me to serve your sodas now?
Or later?
- Ah, soda. - Soda.
- Okay? Soda now. - Okay.
- Okay. Do you like our side dishes? - Side dishes.
Yeah.
Yes?
Chicken skin?
- Chicken... - Is it crispy?
Good?
- Good. Crispy. - Crispy!
And our tofu?
Tofu? I actually haven't tried it yet...
Tofu?
- Tofu. - It's hard.
Good?
- Good. This is good. - Good? Your favorite?
Just a moment.
I wonder how they made the tofu so crispy.
Right?
When she said it's tofu, I expected it to be soft.
It's like a snack.
- Tofu chips? - It feels like a snack.
It's just like a normal snack.
They want their soda now?
- Yes. - Okay.
One zero, one original.
Okay.
They said they like the anchovies.
The chicken skin too, because it's crispy.
Okay, that's good.
I think they're pouring it for us.
Didn't you order Sprite?
I did.
My... my Sprite...
Regular Coke, Coke Zero.
Coke Zero?
Here?
Thank you.
And original.
Enjoy!
- Zero, zero. - Okay, okay.
I'm sorry.
- Yes. - Okay, okay.
Everything okay? Everything is good?
Okay, enjoy!
What's going on...
My Sprite Zero somehow got turned into a regular Coke.
Everything is just so confusing right now.
It's not Zero, and it's not even Sprite.
"This is original, this is zero."
Then they started laughing.
- I want to understand what they're saying. - I know.
They seem like they're having so much fun, because they're just giggling away.
This should be Sprite.
- Sprite? - Yes.
Okay. Let's go!
My style is every time I have a new order, I pull out the...
- The bowl first? - Yeah, so that I remember what it is.
Sinigang.
So, we drop the...
- Meat. - Meat.
Then you blanch your eggplant.
Then maybe put the singkamas.
So...
Drop, drop.
It's actually quite a lot.
Then, we add our tomatoes.
- Tomatoes. - Tomatoes in.
Vegetables in.
Then, taste.
- Sour? - It's really sour.
It's because it was reduced too much.
Geez, it's really sour.
What do we do now?
I'm not sure. I'm adding more sugar.
Water.
- I already added water. - It's too high already.
Yeah.
I think we're around the same age.
You think so? Why?
I don't know, I'm just laughing at whatever they're laughing at.
It's so weird.
Their appetizers are all gone.
Okay, alright.
Hi, Chef. How are you doing?
I'm good, I'm good.
- Why? - Sour!
Is it too much?
Even as a Filipino, this is way too sour for me.
It went overboard.
- I'll add some water. - Okay.
Sorry, but...
I don't want to rush you, but their appetizers are almost gone.
Appetizer?
- They're almost done. - Almost done?
Do you want us to stall them?
What do you want?
Chat with them, they're our first... you know.
Where they're from.
Okay, alright.
Why are they here?
- How did they find out about us? - Okay.
Got it.
Okay, I got distracted.
Okay.
One more.
Oh, that's good.
Here's your calamansi.
Please enjoy.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
- They liked the calamansi. - That's good!
Did you like the lime juice?
- Lime juice? - Lime juice?
Lime calamansi.
- Calamansi. - Calamansi is like lime.
I'll show you. Wait.
She did your calamansi juice.
- Calamansi? - Plum?
Calamansi.
It's kind of plum-sized, right?
Is this what calamansi looks like?
I've never seen one before.
- What was it... - Bite, okay?
You want to try?
It's really...
It's "shower".
Very "shower".
So... sour? Sour!
- Sour! - She said it's sour.
You want to try?
I'll cut it.
Sure, sure!
If you bite it, it's bitter.
With the skin.
Yeah, we have to slice it.
Oh, it has to be sliced.
Yes.
Thank you.
Sour.
- Sour. - Very!
- Very? - Sour. Yes.
Are you ready?
Hey, you go first.
- One, two, three! - One, two, three!
They ate it.
Oh, gosh.
- I only ate the inside. - Okay.
- No, but the inside is good. - The inside tasted very fresh.
- The inside is good. - Thank you.
- Okay. - Okay.
Okay.
Turn this on, please.
Let's make another one.
This is not servable for now.
For now. And I'll add water?
Yeah. I'll push this at the back.
So it's just one order,
But it's causing us delay because there's a little mishap.
Yeah. So I'll add water?
Yeah. Add water, please.
Do you think the tamarind candy will help?
Ah, yes, yes, yes.
Then just use a whisk.
Maybe the tamarind candy will help.
- It'll balance out the sweetness. - Yes.
- How are we? - I'm going to try.
Is it better?
Still sour?
It's fine.
Let's serve it.
- Okay. - And then, I'll go.
Okay.
Okay, ring the bell!
Service!
I wish you the best.
Give it a chef's kiss.
- Okay. - Okay.
- Okay. - See that?
- Okay. - Go ahead.
Want me to go with you out there?
- Soup bowl. - Ay! That's right.
And then, ladle.
Thank you.
Hi! This is your pork sinigang.
- Sinigang. - Sinigang.
- Sinigang. - Yes.
[Sinigang]
So, it's pork meat.
- And soup. - Pork?
Soup...
Soup.
- Soup, soup, soup. - Soup.
Soup? The soybean paste stew we know?
- Soup. - Here.
Thank you.
Oh, the smell.
What is that? It smells really unique.
Thank you.
More strong.
Maybe it's too strong for Koreans.
But if we remove the...
Without the sour taste, it's just Korean food.
The different point is the sour taste.
A very important point is that you show to Koreans
traditional Filipino food.
- Is there anything you would like to adjust? - Just right.
Don't need to change.
- No need to change? - Yeah.
Should we try it?
- What's in this? - Let's eat.
- Medicinal herbs? - Medicinal herbs?
Doesn't it smell like medicinal herbs?
- It's so sour! - Oh, it's really sour!
So sour!
We should have this with rice.
Ah, it's a side dish for rice.
It's salty and tangy.
Should I ask them?
Yes?
- The... bap. - Bap.
When is it coming?
- Rice, rice. - Bap? Oh, rice.
Okay.
We'll come back with the rice.
I think it'd be really good together.
Okay, okay. You want to eat it with rice?
Oh, okay.
- Just a moment. - Please wait a moment.
- Sorry for the rice. - Sorry.
We'll come out with rice.
I wish I could lip-read.
No rice, right?
- Garlic rice. - There's garlic rice?
- Yeah. I'll prepare it. - Yes, please.
Garlic.
Okay, rice is ready.
Ah! Thank you, Lord, for the rice.
I'll take this because they want to have their sinigang with rice.
Okay, okay. And then inasal, two minutes.
Right, okay.
Magic!
- Ready? - Oh, it's here already!
- Rice. - Here.
- Enjoy. - Thank you.
Bap? Bap.
- There it is, sis, the rice. - Bap is rice?
Rice and...
Is this some kind of garlic flakes?
Oh, it's that rice! What's this called?
- It's fluffy rice! - Fluffy, fluffy.
Mmm, the rice is good.
- But it's slightly seasoned, too. - Like a bit sour?
Yeah. I'm not sure if it's slightly sour, but maybe because I had these together,
It tastes like a meat soup with a touch of sourness.
Yeah, that's right.
Remember how I wanted rice?
It kind of tastes like rice soup.
But wow, it's good.
It's surprisingly addictive.
They're enjoying the sinigang, right?
They're enjoying that.
Table 3 loves anything citrusy.
- They appreciate the... - Yeah.
They enjoyed the calamansi.
Yeah.
They like the calamansi juice.
The younger ones are more adventurous.
Okay, I'll work on the chicken.
Go.
Can I still do it?
I can do it.
We're actually...
We're supposed to serve you grilled chicken.
But we're running out of time.
And we couldn't figure out the fire, the grill...
Oh my God!
It's a bit burnt.
It was every time we tried, it still came out burned.
- It's not done yet. - Oh no.
It's still not cooked.
Please be good.
- What is it? The inasal? - Yeah.
Well, taste it.
Look, it's taking forever.
Just get the end piece.
- Okay, good. - This?
Yeah.
It's good, though.
Okay, then I'll...
I'll start plating the inasal.
Okay.
Alright, I'll return that.
Inasal, please!
Okay, I apologize for the wait.
- Thank you. - Okay, thank you, thank you.
Excuse me.
This is your chicken inasal.
- Chicken... - Inasal.
- Inasal. - Inasal.
Yes.
- Oh, calamansi! - Yes, calamansi.
- Calamansi! - It's present.
Calamansi says, "Hello, annyeonghaseyo."
- Calamansi. - It's calamansi.
Okay.
How is it?
Smoky flavor.
- Smoky flavor? - Yeah.
I do love that smoky flavor.
Smoky flavor.
Everything is really good.
It's my first time trying Filipino food.
Me too.
- Chef? - Yo!
- Oh, thank you. - Thank you.
Thank you. How was your meal?
- Good. - Really?
Yeah, the first batch is almost finished.
And then, now they're enjoying their inasal.
Okay. Is the inasal okay?
- Looks like they're almost done. - Can I see?
You can actually see them from here.
Wait, I'll wash the dishes first.
Yes, please.
Grilling that inasal was intense, right?
The inasal was such a hassle.
This.
But I'm finally becoming friends with this one.
Well, it took some time for him to warm up.
Hello!
Welcome.
Please come in.
Here.
Follow me.
Please have a seat.
Thank you.
- Here's your water. - Okay.
Let me do it for you.
If you are ready to order, you can call us there.
Okay, take your time and enjoy.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
They sell San Miguel beer.
I want to get some beer.
I should've said, "Follow me" in Korean, but I said, "Let's go" in Filipino.
Follow me.
- Have a seat. - Thank you.
Is that the same?
- It's like saying "follow me," too. - So I just said, "Have a seat."
- Here. - Here!
That looks good. All three and a San Miguel for you?
Sure. Should we head over there?
Yeah, let's go.
Yes. Please sit. We'll get your order.
Please sit down.
Take a seat, please.
Okay, order. Hello!
- Good evening. Hi. - Hi.
What do you want to order?
This one.
- Sinigang. - Sinigang.
- Palabok. - Palabok.
Inasal.
Inasal. Good choice.
Okay.
Cheffies!
- Orders. - Okay.
- These are the two new ones. - Okay.
Alright. We'll do better here.
Sinigang, palabok, inasal.
- Alright. - Yes.
Okay, we do palabok, so...
Pot, fire.
- Pot, fire. - Alright.
And then, strain the noodles there.
- Perfect. - What we do...
- Your side. - Ah, just one side?
One side.
- Yes, and... - It looks so good.
Squid.
Okay, chicharon.
Then, spring onions, it's around.
And give it some love.
Oh, yes.
Let's make some palabok.
Okay.
Looks good.
[Palabok]
- Okay, let's go out. - Let's go.
- Okay. - Palabok and inasal?
Palabok and inasal...
- Table 4. - There?
- Two gentlemen? - Yes, Table 4.
Okay.
You go ahead, Chef.
- I'm shy. - Your fork.
- Oh, right. - I laughed because you got shy.
- I'm an introvert. - Yeah.
- Hi. Hello, guys. How are you? - Hi!
- I'm fine, thank you. - We have our chicken inasal.
- Grilled chicken. - And palabok.
Our... so it's rice noodles with shrimp gravy
Topped with crispy fish skin, crispy shrimp, eggs, and chicharon.
Which is pork skin.
- Better if you squeeze this. - Alright.
And mix?
- Yes. - Yes, mix.
- Thank you. - Enjoy!
- Do we mix it? Try it? - Yeah.
Try, try?
It looks delicious.
It's kind of like Pad Thai.
Yeah.
Oh, the smell of dried shrimp really hits us.
Pasta.
Unique flavor?
Is it good?
What does it taste like? I can't even imagine it.
The shrimp aroma is really strong.
You'd expect it to taste like curry, right? Not at all.
- For real? - For real. It's completely different.
- The flavor's interesting. - Right?
Seriously, I've never imagined anything like this.
All these kinds of dishes.
I think they like the palabok.
Ah, yeah?
There's these... These two guys.
When they eat it, they nod like...
Hi!
Two people.
Ah, for two? Here.
Let me get your menu for you.
We have another customer.
Here, and I'll get your water.
Just a moment.
Hello!
- For three? - Three. Yes.
Um, here.
- Here. - Hello!
Table for two, please.
- Two? - Yes, two.
Two.
Where do we seat them?
Maybe over there.
- There? Okay. - Yeah.
Please take a seat.
Here. Okay.
Let me just get your water for you.
- And here's your menu. - Thank you.
Thank you.
More people are coming in. Oh my gosh.
You're not into these kinds of vegetable dishes, right?
- Which one? - Gising-gising.
- Will this be okay? - How about gising-gising?
The name is cute.
It looks like we're getting more customers.
Alright, new order. You got it?
- Inasal, gising-gising, fried rice. - Fried rice, okay.
Let's plate the gising-gising and the chicken.
Okay.
So, we blanched some beans.
Then, the sauce of the gising-gising is...
One side again.
Ah, one side.
So that they still see the beans.
Okay.
Okay. Then, chili powder.
Just like this.
- That looks good. - Okay.
[Gising-gising]
This is gising-gising and garlic rice.
- Thank you. Gising-gising. - Please enjoy.
Yes.
- Hi, guys. Chicken inasal. - Thank you.
Grilled chicken inasal, grilled papaya.
So this is beans with coconut, flavored with a little bit of shrimp paste.
And then crispy shrimp on top.
- Enjoy, guys. - Thank you.
What is this?
Gising-gising.
It just looks like spring onions.
- How does it taste? - I'm not sure what vegetable this is,
But it's actually pretty good.
Really?
- It's good. - It's so delicious!
- Bean stem. - Is this a bean?
I can tell they use a lot of fried shrimps here.
Right.
This is totally my kind of dish.
- Really? - Yeah.
- This is delicious. - Is it?
- Yeah. - Oh, really?
I just licked my fork, and it's already delicious.
I haven't even tasted the food yet.
I licked my fork, and it was delicious.
Oh, it's delicious!
I was just mindlessly looking at the menu.
But I guess I'll have to pay more attention to it.
It's delicious.
♪ And you can tell everybody ♪
So we have palabok, inasal, and sinigang.
Oh my gosh. Here we go.
Here comes the pressure.
I'm getting tired.
- Maybe, maybe. - You too?
You're fine, right? You're strong.
I'm trying.
It's the matcha.
You're mentally strong.
♪ All together now ♪
- Okay. - Did you blanch the noodles?
- Not yet. - Okay.
- Palabok sauce is done. - Yeah, okay.
- You tasted it? - Yeah.
- Okay. - Just the heat...
Okay.
So...
Noodles.
So there's that.
Calamansi.
That's a lot of coriander.
Sinigang.
Palabok is ready.
Here's your sinigang.
What's the food made of?
Oh, it's pork sinigang.
And it's...
Sour.
- Yeah. - Okay, okay.
I've never seen anything like this.
It looks like pork backbone stew. Or short rib soup?
Here's your palabok.
- Let me put it here. - Thank you.
Please enjoy!
This is your chicken inasal.
- Inasam? - Inasal.
- That's called inasal? - Yes.
- I was right. - I'll try the chicken.
It's a kind of chicken dish.
It's so tender.
Isn't this deep-fried dried squid strips?
Oh yeah, there's deep-fried dried squid strips.
Is this the best dish you've tried in the world?
This is delicious.
So I guess this is kind of different from what you do normally.
Oh, yeah.
But it still feels like...
At the same time, I still get nervous because it feels like you still need to perform.
- Yeah. - Like...
- For the customers. - Right, right.
Kind of the same but super different.
Me too, actually.
This is like really different.
And I'm not buttering you up, but I am lucky to have you.
Imagine if I had an opposite of you.
- I'll lose my hair. - What's an opposite of me?
I mean, someone that's slow, someone that's super nervous,
Someone that doesn't get it, someone whose heart isn't here.
I think this made me realize that I really love being in the kitchen.
I...
Two... people table.
Ah, two?
Okay, please wait a moment.
Let me just clear that table for you, okay?
Because I have my date today.
Oh, you have a date tonight!
How lovely. Okay, just a moment.
You can wait...
You can sit here for a while.
You can sit here first.
Yes, and then I'll give that table for you because they're done eating.
- Yeah. Thank you. - Okay.
Oh my God.
Excuse me, I'll just get this for you.
- It's delicious! - Delicious?
It's delicious.
I can see!
Thank you!
Jodi, he has a date, so he wants a solo table.
- He has a date? - Yes.
- Okay. - But I'm not sure if they'll leave.
Okay, alright.
Chef, one customer has a special occasion.
He has a date.
Oh, okay.
- Alright. - Yeah.
Let's add a love potion.
It feels strange. Francine looks like an actual waitress.
Sir, you can come.
If you are ready to order, you can call us over there.
Thank you.
What do we do if another customer comes in?
- And it's just one person? - We'll put them in...
Here she comes.
Right on cue.
Yes?
Sorry, I got lost at the subway station.
- Ah! - Sorry, sweetheart.
She's his date!
Oh, yes.
Hello!
- Calamansi juice for you. - Thank you.
You must be hungry. So, this...
- They serve Filipino food. - Yeah.
Do you like anything here?
I haven't really tried Filipino food before.
I'm not sure what to order.
Then how about these?
Should we order these?
And then, how about our drinks?
Maybe Coke Zero?
Then I'll order two Coke Zeros.
Yes, two Coke Zero.
This is interesting.
Yes?
- This one. - Palabok.
Inasal.
Two Zero Coke.
Two Zero Coke?
And how about our dessert?
Is it small?
Um, it's this big, like this.
- Shall we order two? - Is this big enough for you?
So two.
- After... - After you eat? Okay.
Well, that's all?
- Yes. - Okay.
- Thank you. - Just a moment. Thank you.
Hello.
Okay, here are your side dishes.
Oh, side dishes!
There are four.
Enjoy!
Thank you.
But it's...
Don't you feel uncomfortable being filmed on the first date?
- Oh really? Should we move to another... - Are you okay with it?
- I don't mind. - Oh really?
And a chef is cooking for us.
- A real Filipino chef? - Yes.
- I heard he's famous. - Really?
We don't really get to eat a famous chef's dish.
Interesting.
- I'm tired. - You're tired?
Look, we're not following the sequence.
It's like we're running on fumes.
Or survival mode.
- Survival mode. - Just fight mode.
- Fight mode? - The exhaustion is kicking in.
This is for the table on a date.
Okay.
- Can you write "date" or "VIP"? - Okay.
- If it's like that. - Or just date, so we make it special.
And is this a new order or is it done?
I think the other one's new.
This is new.
So, we are at...
We have sinigang now.
Ah, sinigang, palabok, inasal are done, right?
Oh no.
- Huh? - I'm not sure anymore.
- Okay, wait. - Wait.
- What are you doing now? - But I'm sure this is not yet done.
Okay, this is?
Ay, no. This is not yet done.
This, I don't know.
Okay.
- This, not yet done. - I remember that's Table 6.
- This doesn't have a table number. - Exactly.
I'll ask them.
- I don't know. - So, we're working on this one?
- Yeah. - Okay.
- Two palabok. - Alright.
I have a question.
This doesn't have a table number. Where is this?
- Are the orders out? - There. It's done.
Ah, it's done? Nice.
Okay, thank you.
This is done.
- It's done? - Yeah, so we're just working on one ticket.
Can you get on the... I'll do this.
- Get on the what? The date? - I'll get on the...
- This... - Okay, okay.
Palabok, inasal. Okay.
But don't push yourself.
Okay, let's do it together.
I can do the palabok.
You can do the palabok?
Palabok again.
Okay.
I'll plate the palabok.
Egg.
I'm really drooling.
Why is it like this? Good thing it's not on the chopping board.
- Excited? - Just on the floor.
I gotta close my mouth when I'm focused.
Okay.
Palabok is ready.
For Table 3?
Yes. For the special...
This is for the date, right?
Okay.
So make...
Francine, make the guy feel special, so that...
- How? - I don't know, just be...
You handle it.
He has a date!
Ah, okay.
Why just the guy?
No, 'cause when I went on a date with my wife, I called the chef.
I said, "Hey man, I'm coming with a really nice girl and..."
- You wanted to impress her. - Yeah.
So, my chef friend really treated me...
You know, like a VIP.
So my wife was impressed.
Like, "Okay, he really..."
- Ah, okay. - You get it?
Jodi, do you want to do it?
- What do you want? - Chef said, "Make the guy feel special."
- I don't know how to do it. - Okay.
Because he has a date.
Table 3.
Okay.
Hello, it's me again.
So...
This is a very special palabok
For a very special night for the two of you, so...
- Why? - Two of you?
- Two of you. - Thank you.
Yeah, you and you.
So, I hope you enjoy this special dish.
It's rice noodles.
So, enjoy.
- Thank you. - Enjoy.
- Shall we mix this first? - Yeah, you can take first.
- Shall we mix this first? - Yeah, yeah.
Thank you.
- Sorry. - Oh no, it's okay.
Does Table 3 have inasal already?
Not yet.
Which I'm working on now.
Let's check on the inasal.
Yes.
Yes, yes, yes.
Ready? I'm coming in.
Okay.
Do I serve it?
Yes, please.
Ready, inasal.
How did you make them feel special?
I just said, "For a very special night, we prepared a very special order."
"Palabok!" Like that!
Wow.
I'm so impressed.
I've cooked with so many people, but you're different.
You guys are a different breed.
Hello.
So, another special order for...
For a special night.
Okay, so we have chicken inasal, and of course your drinks.
Please enjoy.
Enjoy your meal.
- Enjoy... - Enjoy your meal.
- Sure. - Thank you.
Enjoy your meal.
It's nice.
I've never had rice noodles like this.
Isn't this glass noodles?
Did they make it Korean style?
It's a unique food.
It's my first time trying something like this.
Same here, is this Curry?
Looks interesting.
It has a very interesting flavor.
What do you think?
Isn't it unique?
It has a really strong shrimp aroma.
You should also eat the inasal when it's hot.
- That's right. - This came out first.
That's actually the most important.
Yeah, that's true.
I feel like I can understand what they're talking about,
But I cannot really translate it in my head 100%.
Yeah.
Hello!
- Yes, table for two. - Okay.
- I see... - Table for two.
Okay, just a moment.
I see two pax.
- Two new customers? - Yeah.
So, we're not out of the woods yet!
You can sit here already.
- One. - Okay, palabok.
- One. - Inasal.
This one, and this one.
- Okay. - Okay.
We need appetizers for Table 1.
Oh my gosh.
Kumusta!
Mon!
Oh my God!
Hi! Welcome!
- Thank you! - Hello!
- Hi! - Hi!
So I guess this is kind of different from what you do normally.
- This one. - Oh yeah.
I think this made me realize that I really love being in the kitchen.
Chefing is not glamorous at all.
When I was starting out, I just wanted to be in the dishwashing area,
because that's where I learned.
While everyone's cooking, I would always just listen.
And observe.
Amazing.
Then you'll get a lot of good stuff.
And there are a lot of successful chefs that started in this section.
- Ah, really? - Yeah.
So, like, it's like a...
- It's like a training ground. - Yeah.
It is going to be fine.